you blame Antonio David or having fallen
in love with Antonio David that that
is the main reason for your dismissal or
you also do Or you can do
self-criticism there Maybe I
could also have had a little more of not
having that incontinence on
social networks with which I started my relationship
with Antonio David I was going to go out or
rather they were looking for the moment in
which I would go out that I have been a
person who has not kept quiet that I have been
the opposite of someone their visa that they have
told me this don't say it and I have said it
of course And that has caused me to be
fired of course but I don't Listen to me
I don't blame Antonio
I blame how I have loved Antonio
David
you blame yourself or rather in that sense
I blame yourself but what if it
were happening four years ago
when Antonio David was God there
When he entered his Big Brother VIP and
all these things I would be the queen of
Telecinco but when I
fall in love with him it's when he gets the
God with which I am another one who
has to go to hell because
I'm defending what my network has
bought,
Ana Rosa's daughter is there, Ana
Rosa's daughter is in love with the one we're saying
all of Spain is an abuser.
Well, your producer, your producer didn't
say that she was a
teacher, she had the same position
as you,
yes, really, although I know that
many people here are not going to
agree with me, really
[Music]
You don't blame yourself For anything that you
did at work, I'm referring to
stories, some comments, of course, that's
what I was asking you too
[Music]
dismissal and it's something I can't talk about now, I
mean the reasons are not having
breached a clause
as it is said. Well,
when it comes and when the trial comes, you will
see because in fact I'm going to
make it public here on telesalseo,
a very big injustice has
happened to me and I would like, just as I am
doing with other issues, to give
visibility to how
things were done. So, I can't say
anything at all due to
judicial strategy and everything that's happening, but one
question, do you not believe that the day that
we lived through, such a wonderful
sales event, at that
fantastical event, had absolutely nothing to
do with the issue that in  Save me,
you told me about the Borja Prado thing and
all that, don't you think that those are little
things that add up, that also
influence that, yes, I have blamed
thatissue,
one thing is what you think, another
thing is what I
say and also of course,
whatever happened that day ended
a month, two weeks later with my
dismissal and two months later with the end
of Save me, I mean, I want to tell you,
obviously, yes, it had to do with
something now that is the reason one, of course
because one thing is the real reason and another
thing is the official reason. Exactly, of course,
because I'm not going to put the
real reason in the official one, one thing, Marta, in case you
want, if you want and if you feel like it, I'll
give you the opportunity, of course, there are people
who are left with the feeling that what you
really have are, I'm going to
tell you the literal words from the chat, the
sick ones to Olga, that you can't get her out of your
head, that you have some kind of
obsession with her and of course, I know that what
you have is another image, another
perception, you  you would know why I imagine
that you don't want to go into detail for
some reason but
And sorry for this
why would I be jealous of her
if the partner that I want was
with me Sure but you're telling me that
he hasn't given you the same place that he has
given her then people
understand that you've always had that
fuzz But that no I don't blame her that blames
him what I blame her on
are other internal things that have
happened but what's stopping you why is she
stopping you from telling those internal things
at this point well it's stopping me myself
Because honestly man if I see that
tomorrow this woman does an
interview and mentions me more
directly than she did the other time
when she said
between the lines she said enough Well maybe now I
say that's enough but it's that
as never my intention I
repeat it has been to do any kind of
exclusive in fact I am talking to
you as if you were my colleagues she
believes that we are your colleagues
Ah I say Likewise I lost some
chapter I say illusions
So in the end my intention has never
been that despite what has been said
actively and passively that I  It was that
profile of a person it has been said here I
go passive For a year in save me
daily in a rose in a such an
image of me has been sold that to this day has
not been real So what am I going to
do Now if it is that in what I was
talking about with the boy from Hablando
claro or rather What do I do Now if I am
working with the psychologist for
precisely that or rather I am working
with the psychologist the fact that no matter how
much I do
whoever hates me hates me
and it doesn't matter that I show that what they
are saying should not be let's
see if there are people who are very like that and
we have a lot of the
same today's topic is a very
clear example of that I mean how is it possible
how is it possible that there are some people
applauding a man who is
giving me the finger who is
insulting me and who is telling me that if
I have two degrees
yes but there are many people who are like that but
not all I mean surely if you
could maybe I won't tell you what to
tell because I imagine that there will be something
that stops you or that it is something of
intimacy but for example what type I
mean what  type of session we could
have with Olga the people who think that
you only have a grudge against her because
Antonio vila has given her a place that he has
n't given you or rather what kind of thing
Thing that I'm
not going to go into there because I haven't
done it even when I was in the
craziest effervescence I'm not going to do it now so don't
ask me about things that make me angry
but I can guarantee you that neither one is that
good nor is the other a son of a [ __ ]
It's more likely that a time will come when
the tables turn and it has happened
many times throughout
history that one was bad became good and the one who was
good became a sister or
rather you want to tell her that you will become
good
and now you are bad I'm sure I am
bad or rather bad see for many
people I am bad
then thank God I have
followers and people who love me and
support me and for those people
but I'm sure that if one day the
true story of everything that
happened step by step by step is told I
am convinced that people will flip out
about what I have gone through
how I wanted  to that person until
the end of the consequences
and and of what has happened to me in my
head was a person that I was an
aunt who had no problems with anything and
suddenly he saw me with lawsuits trials
farewell with a country making me a
trending topic calling me that otter there were no
people today Wait wait I want to
ask him one Sorry excuse me
please
Speaking clearly and if I forget it's going to make me
very angry not when you I when I
criticize you people forget they
only remember when I defend you
but the thing is that there were people today who were
in this debate about the whole thing he
had with Diego Arrabal to tell him to
tell about Cantora and it's like But
what the [ __ ] does it have to do with it are you going to remind me a
sandwich that a child takes from Chico
Marta what happened in Cantora I really want to
know
there is a lawsuit now yes it is true In fact
yes it is true I know in fact I know I know that it is
true
subject When when all this comes out